to assemble the decider on the ford
fiesta of blows now gets the
Damage from somewhere where grown
and I can do that here now
markings for the original fans
make a job
please note that you are eight
centimeters of overlap need around the
then fasten clamp according to
can
here now a 1 2 liter model
We almost have the adapters
assemble above the axle
and compress the adapter
the gums if the original one
Suspension rubbers after rubbing was
now we can sit that
connecting pipe mounted on the right side
do not forget
Now we were just for the
right side 1
and now we just have that
entrée for the right side on the
connection pipe
Now we only need the switch
set up